# NHL-Fantasy-League

The NHL- Fantasy League is a form of fantasy sport that allows players to build a custom team and compete with other players, based on the statistics generated by professional hockey players or teams. The application assigns points based on the statistics generated by these professional players or teams in real life. Our application tries to implement one such sport, hockey which is played within the National Hockey League (NHL) organization. Our fantasy app is a web-based application designed for players who want to play small-scale fantasy hockey. They can play fantasy hockey without worrying about a whole bunch of rules that regular fantasy apps mandate.

This project focusses on implementing various design patterns and architectural styles. 
Archtitectural Styles used in this project are:-
1. Layered Architecture
2. Event Based Architecture(Angular)
3. MVC Architecture(Spring)
4. Dataflow Architecture

Design Patterns used in this project are:-
1. Visitor
2. Singleton
3. Abstract Factory
4. Observer
5. Dependency Injection

The user first has to create an account by registering. After successful account creation, he/she can select players and form a team of their own. Based on how these players perform in actual matches at that time, points will be allocated to the users and accordingly the users can either gain or lose some virtual money, which was allocated to each user upon registration.
This real time data for the matches is obtained by using the Scrapy Framework of Python. 
Front-end is implemented in Angular 6 and back-end in Spring Boot. 
Database instance used was MySQL Database.
